Remove legacy organisation colour palette (#6390)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This change was introduced in [pull request #6366: Update Dart Sass tests minimum version to 1.79.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/6366)

#### Update to the new organisation colour palette

The organisation colour palette was updated in [GOV.UK Frontend 5.9.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.9.0).

> The new palette was initially opt-in using the `$govuk-new-organisation-colours` feature flag. The updated palette is now the only palette available, so the feature flag can be removed from your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new palette was initially opt-in using the `$govuk-new-organisation-colours` feature flag. The updated palette is now the only palette available, so you can remove the feature flag from your code.
```
